Minor edits to Migrate section (#2199)
timescale/docs: use-timescale/migrate-data/migrate-influxdb.md

Outflux can:

*   Discover the schema of an InfluxDB measurement

> *   Validate whether a Timescale table exists that can hold the transferred

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   Verify that a Timescale table exists that can hold the transferred
```
